join-us.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Join Us
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Join Us
  order: 5
---
Membership is free and open to all Civil Service staff and contractors. You can join as:

- a full member
- an ally or friend

Full members are people who identify as intersex or trans, including transgender or transsexual men and women, non-binary and genderfluid people, genderqueer, gender variant, cross-dresser, genderless, agender, non-gendered, third gender, bigender, trans men and trans women.

Allies are friends, relatives and colleagues who support our aims and objectives. Our allies stand up for trans and intersex people within the workplace, support our full members and spread the word about a:gender. Together we can remove barriers and become agents for positive change.

Note that some of the events we organise may be for full members only. [Read more about the ways we support our members](/for-our-members).

By signing up you consent to our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-notice.md), to abide by our [member guidelines](/join-us/member-guidelines), and to being added to our membership emailing list.

Please provide your Civil Service work email address, we cannot accept personal email addresses for membership.

You can withdraw your membership at any time by [contacting a:gender](mailto:membership@agender.org.uk).

[Click here to fill out the membership form.](https://forms.gle/YhfhYobnB3bYcqqm6)

Commit message:

Add a link to How To Make A Difference

join-us.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Join Us
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Join Us
  order: 5
---
Membership is free and open to all Civil Service staff and contractors. You can join as:

- a full member
- an ally or friend

Full members are people who identify as intersex or trans, including transgender or transsexual men and women, non-binary and genderfluid people, genderqueer, gender variant, cross-dresser, genderless, agender, non-gendered, third gender, bigender, trans men and trans women.

Allies are friends, relatives and colleagues who support our aims and objectives. Our allies stand up for trans and intersex people within the workplace, support our full members and spread the word about a:gender. Together we can remove barriers and become agents for positive change.

Note that some of the events we organise may be for full members only. [Read more about the ways we support our members](/for-our-members).
Allies can still show support, [read more about how you can make a difference in the community](/join-us/how-to-make-a-difference).

By signing up you consent to our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-notice.md), to abide by our [member guidelines](/join-us/member-guidelines), and to being added to our membership emailing list.

Please provide your Civil Service work email address, we cannot accept personal email addresses for membership.

You can withdraw your membership at any time by [contacting a:gender](mailto:membership@agender.org.uk).

[Click here to fill out the membership form.](https://forms.gle/YhfhYobnB3bYcqqm6)
